pretty good hi thank you so what's your
name my name is Molly mama okay that's
not open
thank you
yes
you cannot even to your suite yes okay
that's good the glass okay
also know
rich in this light okay okay
thank you
mmm
darkness
nice
yeah okay I thought you have that remote
control for the TV up all right over
there against here okay yeah
working
okay good
that's good things
No okay okay yeah other safe
all right
posts this bottom what was that is
obvious to you which one to call you
mock myself all about 20 que ya ha ok
thank you very much
chucho me the washroom in a which one
where's Tiffany no this is me in car
definition that gave you a water but
everyone having this is a total ermes
perfume men's women's I'm sure it's
woman's like in their wooden toothbrush
toothpaste Laura children wouldn't razor
comb our camp fresh flower and I the
tiles mm-hmm Oh shower separately writes
our shower in here sorry that's my cup
this mace are you having a shower prison
can you turn it on Oh with a feat no no
it's the drain oh how do you turn it on
here oh right there great throw see how
many that exploded me with
looks like
there were a way beautiful
where's the toilet there's no toilet I
guess you don't have to poop nice style
mm-hmm crafters write a nice close one
daughter open another guard here mm-hmm
the date
yes nice where maybe a lack of light how
much right
mm-hmm
yeah very nice
as a good size speakers okay I'm trying
to send an email
we'll be sending some pictures and won
second place generated a face about okay
see you instead